# Who Says Editor

This is a web app for editing .txt and .json files generated by WhisperX. It makes it possible to edit the data file alongside listening to the audio and later generating a new .json file with the edited data.

## Get started
Instructions for setting up the project locally.

#### Requirements
* Node.js: v20.19+ (or v22.12+)
* npm: v9+ (10 recommended)

#### Installation
1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone <repository-url>
   ```
2. Navigate to the project directory:
   ```bash
    cd who-says-editor
    ```
3. Install the dependencies:
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```
4. Start the development server:
   ```bash
   npm run dev
   ```
5. Install some packages for the backend if not already installed:
   ```bash
   pip install python-multipart fastapi uvicorn whisperx torch
   ```
   also make sure ffmpeg is installed and available in your system PATH.

> ⚠️ **Work in Progress**  
> The server is still under development and may not be fully functional.

6. Start the backend server:
   ```bash
   uvicorn whisperx_server:app --reload --port 8000
   ```
   Wait until you see the message:
   ```plaintext
   INFO:     Application startup complete.
   ```

7. Opening the app:
   Follow the terminal instructions By clicking the on the given link.

## Functionality
The available functionalities of the app.

#### Uploading Files
  * Can upload .txt and .json files as data files and (.mp3, .wav, .m4a, .ogg, .flac) as audio files.

#### Editing Data
  * On the left panel we can see the all segments of the data file.
  * on the right side panel we have the edditor where we can edit the text of the selected segment.
  * Some extra functions such as add and remove segments, also undo/redo changes.

#### Exporting Data
  * The exported data is in .json format and have the same structure as the original file.
